Update installation and ROCPD documentation (#1300)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/docs/how-to/understanding-rocprof-sys-output.rst

   an ``%arg0%`` of ``/usr/bin/foo`` translates to ``usr_bin_foo``. Additionally, any ``%arg<N>%`` keys which
   do not have a command line argument at position ``<N>`` are ignored.

.. _rocprof_sys_rocpd_output:

ROCm Profiling Data (rocpd) output
=========================================

Use the ``ROCPROFSYS_USE_ROCPD`` setting to trigger the ROCm Systems Profiler to output a
SQLite3 database. The ROCm Profiling Data (or ``rocpd``) database will soon be the default output

> format. The rocpd output format requires ROCprofiler-SDK 1.0.0 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
format. To output in `rocpd` format, ROCProfiler-SDK version 1.0.0 or later is required (introduced in ROCm 7.0.0).
```

> format. This output format requires ROCprofiler-SDK v1.0 or higher, which is included in ROCm v7.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
format. The rocpd output format requires ROCprofiler-SDK 1.0.0 or higher.
```

Author: Applying the suggestions, but don't you think it useful to also include the version of ROCm that ROCProfiler-SDK was included in?

> Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features of rocpd format
```

> ++++++++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-----------------------------------------------
```
